Restructuring the report & HCI Theory (#29)
chhoumann/p8: report/src/problem_analysis/hci/prototyping.tex

Reviewer: Please write Lo-Fi and Hi-Fi instead of lofi and hifi.

Reviewer 2: We will do this in a branch at a later stage (possibly directly after this one is merged) - there will be too many changed files

Lofi prototypes are typically limited in their function and are used to emphasize concepts within the design, alternative design solutions, and model the general interaction with the artifact or system\cite{low-vs-high-fidelity-prototype}.
These prototypes are helpful when performing ideation\cite{nielsen-norman-ideation} or when establishing user capabilities in terms of interaction with the system \cite{usefullness-of-different-prototypes,low-vs-high-fidelity-prototype}.
Lofi prototypes should be used early in the design process to establish the overall direction for a product design. 
Therefore, the creation of these prototypes and the following evaluations using them should not be a time-consuming or expensive process. \cite{usefullness-of-different-prototypes,low-vs-high-fidelity-prototype} 
Lofi prototypes are not ideal when evaluating user interaction as they are used to present a design idea to the user, and thus are not interacted with by the user\cite{low-vs-high-fidelity-prototype}.

Unlike lofi prototypes, hifi prototypes provide near-complete functionality and interactivity with a design closely representing the final product.

> They enable users to interact with buttons, icons, and input fields.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
They enable users to interact with, for instance, buttons, icons, and input fields.
```

\section{Prototyping} %specifict prototyping
A prototype is an instantiation of a design concept meant for describing, refining, testing, and depicting the design.\cite{BUXTON2007139_prototyping}

When designing prototypes, the emphasis is not on the discovery of new knowledge and user needs, but to examine whether or not the proposed design constitutes a suitable hypothesis for the design of the product\cite{nielsen-norman-prototype-low-vs-high,BUXTON2007139_prototyping}

> That is, the design must allow for pleasurable interaction and suit user needs to a degree deemed adequate by both user and designer.

Reviewer: Cite missing here, and missing period/full in the previous sentence.

In general, two categories of prototypes exist: High Fidelity (hifi) and Low Fidelity (lofi).
Lofi prototypes are typically limited in their function and are used to emphasize concepts within the design, alternative design solutions, and model the general interaction with the artifact or system\cite{low-vs-high-fidelity-prototype}.

> These prototypes are helpful when performing ideation\cite{nielsen-norman-ideation} or when establishing user capabilities in terms of interaction with the system \cite{usefullness-of-different-prototypes,low-vs-high-fidelity-prototype}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These prototypes are helpful when performing ideation\cite{nielsen-norman-ideation}, or when establishing user capabilities in terms of interaction with the system \cite{usefullness-of-different-prototypes,low-vs-high-fidelity-prototype}.
```

Reviewer 2: This does not need a comma. Only when listing 2+ things and ending with or. Same rule as with and.

Lofi prototypes should be used early in the design process to establish the overall direction for a product design. 
Therefore, the creation of these prototypes and the following evaluations using them should not be a time-consuming or expensive process. \cite{usefullness-of-different-prototypes,low-vs-high-fidelity-prototype} 
Lofi prototypes are not ideal when evaluating user interaction as they are used to present a design idea to the user, and thus are not interacted with by the user\cite{low-vs-high-fidelity-prototype}.

> Unlike lofi prototypes, hifi prototypes provide near-complete functionality and interactivity with a design closely representing the final product.

Reviewer: This is inconsistent with what you said earlier (as soon as there is any type of interaction, it is a Hi-Fi prototype).
According to this, a Hi-Fi prototype should be a near complete application.

> They enable users to interact with buttons, icons, and input fields.

Reviewer: Buttons, icons, and input fields do not suggest "near completion".

However, due to their detailed and interactive nature, constructing hifi prototypes is more time-consuming than creating lofi prototypes. 
This makes hifi prototypes more suitable for examining users' interactions with the designed artifact, than exploring new design ideas. \cite{nielsen-norman-prototype-low-vs-high,low-vs-high-fidelity-prototype}

> Since the stakeholder has already suggested ideas for a user interface design based on existing systems, we already have a direction for an initial product design. 

Reviewer: This is the first time in this section we mention the stakeholders, and it doesn't really connect well with the rest of the section. We need a thread of coherence to establish that we are now talking about prototyping in the context of our project.

> As we want to find a common denominator for the stakeholders' problems described in Section \ref{sec:understanding_the_problem} we need to understand how users interact with a product design resembling a potential solution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As we want to find a common denominator for the stakeholders' problems described in section \ref{sec:understanding_the_problem}, we need to understand how users interact with a product design resembling a potential solution.
```

> As we want to find a common denominator for the stakeholders' problems described in Section \ref{sec:understanding_the_problem} we need to understand how users interact with a product design resembling a potential solution.
> To this end, a hifi prototype is more suitable than a lofi prototype \cite{low-vs-high-fidelity-prototype}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To understand how users interact with a potential solution design, creating a high-fidelity prototype would be more appropriate than a low-fidelity prototype\cite{low-vs-high-fidelity-prototype}.
```
I tried simplifying this sentence, but I still feel like you need to argue why we decided to chose to do a Hi-Fi prototype. A cite is not an argument, and we should explain our reasoning (time constraints, modern tooling, etc.)

\subsection{Developing a hifi prototype}

> When designing a product multiple approaches can be taken. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When designing a product, multiple approaches can be taken. 
```

> In this project, the stakeholder has suggested that we based our design on existing solutions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this project, the stakeholder suggested that we base our design on existing solutions.
```

> Therefore, we endeavor towards a design strategy where we base the design on the current state-of-the-art systems for meeting-management and preferences of the stakeholder.

Reviewer: I really do not like this structure: "The stakeholder said this. Therefore, we did this."
What exactly are you trying to say? This whole paragraph has no message.

To develop the prototype, the sketching tool Figma is used \cite{Figma}.
Figma can be used to design both high- and low-fidelity prototypes, which enables the designer to easily create a prototype that allows the user to interact with the system.
Figma contains a rich set of user interface components that can be used and modified when creating the prototype.
When a user interacts with the design, by, for instance, clicking an object, the designer can enable a transition to a different view, thus simulating system behavior. 
Based on the initial interviews described in Section \ref{sec:understanding_the_problem}, the prototype must be suitable for use on a simple monitor, such as a tablet.

> The prototype 

Reviewer: ???

> We develope a prototype highlighting two situations for meeting-rooms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We develop a prototype highlighting two situations for meeting rooms.
```

Each situation depicts different states of a meeting room (occupied or available) which allows us to explore how users want to interact with the system in these different situations. 

> Figure xx depicts the main view of a room is occupied.

Reviewer: Missing reference

Since the stakeholder has already suggested ideas for a user interface design based on existing systems, we already have a direction for an initial product design. 
As we want to find a common denominator for the stakeholders' problems described in Section \ref{sec:understanding_the_problem} we need to understand how users interact with a product design resembling a potential solution.
To this end, a hifi prototype is more suitable than a lofi prototype \cite{low-vs-high-fidelity-prototype}.

\subsection{Developing prototypes}
When designing a product multiple approaches can be taken.  
UCD aims to increase effectiveness, accessibility, and sustainability, as well as increase the pleasure the user experiences when using the system\cite{user-centred-design}. 
An alternative to UCD is LeanUX \cite{Lean_UX}.
Lean UX is also a user centered approach for UX development that is often used in start-ups.
The approach focusses on creating minimal viable products(MVPs) that can be iteratively released and tested with representative users.

In this project, the stakeholder has suggested that we based our design on existing solutions.

> Therefore, we endeavor towards a design strategy where we base the design on the current state-of-the-art systems for meeting-management and preferences of the stakeholders in the form of the user stories in Appendix \ref{appendix:user_stories}.

Reviewer 3: Have we examined any?

And why introduce both UCD and LeanUX when this description only barely seems to take from UCD?

Reviewer 2: We need to show that we have at least considered which method to choose. We have written just a little bit extra text, hopefully making it more obvious.

To develop the prototypes, the sketching tool Figma is used \cite{Figma}.
Figma can be used to design both high- and low-fidelity prototypes, which enables the designer to easily create a lofi prototype, and then later refine it such that users can interact with it.

> Figma contains a rich set of user interface components that can be used and modified when creating prototypes.

Reviewer 3: Prefer not writing two sentences starting with the same in a row

When a user interacts with a hifi prototype, by, for instance, clicking a UI element, the designer can enable a transition to a different view, thus simulating system UI behavior.
Based on the initial interviews described in Section \ref{sec:understanding_the_problem}, the prototypes must be suitable for use on a simple monitor, such as a tablet.

During this project, both a lofi and hifi prototype has been developed.
Each prototype shows a UI highlighting two situations for meeting rooms. 

> Each situation depicts different states of a meeting room (occupied or available) which allows us to explore how users want to interact with the system in these different situations. 

Reviewer 3: Prefer not writing two sentences starting with the same in a row

Figure \ref{fig:lofi_prototype} depicts two views from the prototype, each based on the current state of the meeting room.
Depending on the state of the room, the background color as well as the actions available for the user changes.
Figure \ref{fig:lofi_prototype:a} depicts a view shown when a meeting is occupied.
Here, the main action available is to end the current meeting.
Figure \ref{fig:lofi_prototype:b} depicts a view shown when a meeting room is available.
From this view, the main action is to book the meeting room.

Based on this prototype, multiple ideas for a hifi prototype were conceived.
These ideas were filtered, refined, and turned into a single hifi prototype.
Figure \ref{fig:hifi_prototype_interaction} depicts the view for the same situations shown in Figure \ref{fig:lofi_prototype:a} where a room is occupied.
The hifi prototype enables user interaction with all elements that would be interactive in a final design.
Each user interaction with an interactive element changes what is shown on the prototype. 
This is shown in Figure \ref{fig:hifi_prototype_interaction}. 

> All views for the hifi prototype can be found in Appendix \ref{appendix:hifi_prototype}.

Reviewer 3: Should we maybe just have shown just one image of the hifi version? So we don't just show the 'ugly' version in the primary text.

Reviewer 2: The ugly version is a necessary step in many of the sources we use. It will seem weird that we jump from nothing to pretty design. The 'ugliness' is very okay in terms of HCI.

Reviewer 3: My bad for being unclear. I did not mean that we should remove the first iteration, merely that I'd like to see the second iteration also in the main text.

In the context of the system we will develop, effectiveness will consider how well user stories are supported, and how suitable the system is for solving the problematic situation described in Section \ref{sec:understanding_the_problem}.

To develop the prototypes, the sketching tool Figma is used \cite{Figma}.
Figma can be used to design both high- and low-fidelity prototypes. 
It enables the designer to easily create a lofi prototype, and then later refine it such that users can interact with it.
Figma also contains a rich set of user interface components that can be used and modified when creating prototypes.
When a user interacts with a hifi prototype, by, for instance, clicking a UI element, the designer can enable a transition to a different view, thus simulating system UI behavior.
Based on the initial interviews described in Section \ref{sec:understanding_the_problem}, the prototypes must be suitable for use on a simple monitor, such as a tablet.

During this project, both a lofi and hifi prototype has been developed.
Each prototype shows a UI highlighting two situations for meeting rooms. 

> The situations depicts different states of a meeting room (occupied or available) which allows us to explore how users want to interact with the system in these different situations. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The situations depict different states of a meeting room (occupied or available) which allows us to explore how users want to interact with the system in these different situations. 
```
